( crickets chirping )
( car approaching )
So. where's your place?
About a mile
through the woods.
This is rustic.
Some backyard
you got here.
Yeah. I like
the quiet.
Ugh. I fucking hate it.
What. too many voices
in your head?
You have no idea.
You should talk
to someone about that.
Why the hell do you think
I gave you a ride?
Well. you're just
so honest.
I'm honest.
You're silent.
We both got our things.
So what's
your real damage?
I mean. you're obviously
punishing yourself
for something.
Hey. we've all
got shit we wish
we hadn't done. right?
And what shit do you wish
you hadn't done?
Oh. we definitely haven't
drank enough for all that.
So is this the part
where you tell me
to just forgive myself
and move on?
I don't know
what you did.
Maybe it's not
forgivable.
Did you forgive
yourself?
No.
But I don't punish
myself either.
I mean. I figure the world's
gonna do that to me one way
or another anyway.
You want to talk
about Rebecca Bowman?
- I'm not judging...
- Don't.
- Sooner or later...
- I said don't.
What do you want?
I'm just trying to
figure out if I'm gonna keep
running into you on this.
We both know
I can't stop you
from poking around.
but it would make
my life easier if you could
just keep me in the loop.
Of course.
Thanks for the ride.
( thunder rumbling )
- ( engine starts )
- Don't be a stranger.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Listen. I've had
a really bad few days.
I thought we had a deal.
Rebecca was
off-limits to you.
You knew
I was living here?
I thought you were
keeping her safe.
That wasn't
my responsibility.
Fucking her was?
I should kill you
right now.
Well. get the fuck on
with it.
You find whoever
did this to her.
FBI has it covered.
FBI is gonna arrest him.
most likely kill him.
You bring him to me.
And you'll need to find
another place to live.
( clicking )
( theme music playing )
Let's go.
Ms. Bowman. I really
think we should...
Take out the goddamn box.
Felix...
where's my money?
- Ms. Bowman...
- Where the fuck
is my money?!
Your uncle.
He came and took it.
What?
That's my box.
You can't just...
There are rules.
Rebecca.
put that gun away.
Put that gun away.
It's okay. Felix.
- Just give us
two minutes.
- Yes.
Have you lost
your mind?
You took my money?
Skimming cash
from my strip club.
locking it in a box
doesn't make it yours.
You may not have
paid me that money.
but I earned it.
Every fucking penny.
If you want to point
that at me. you had better
be ready to shoot it.
Shoot it!
We'll talk about
this later.
Watts. come on. man.
This is bullshit.
You shut the fuck up
and do as you're told.
( sighs )
Beautiful morning.
isn't it?
Reminds me
of how blessed I am
to be a free man.
You said you had something
you wanted to show me.
That I do.
Right this way.
gentlemen.
My son-in-law's
epic fuckup
may have given you
the unfortunate and
grossly inaccurate idea
that the Brotherhood
might not be able to deliver
the muscle you need.
But I'm here now
and I wanted to show
you firsthand
I'll be running
a much tighter ship.
Pony Joe here
was in charge the night
your factory got torched.
- Watts...
- Watts: Do it.
Now.
Joe:
Come on.
You know
it wasn't my fault!
Hey!
Calvin!
( breathing heavily )
Hey. don't you
do this!
Don't do this!
Come on!
Calvin!
( engine starts )
Don't do this!
Calvin!
Watts:
Let's go. Calvin.
- Hit it. boy!
- Don't do this.
( screams )
I will have
zero tolerance
for fuckups.
- What about
the production delays?
- Already started outfitting...
I need three tons
in eight days.
That kind of volume
usually means beaners.
Attract a lot
of unfriendly attention
on both sides
of the borders.
You got one hell
of a pair of balls on you.
I'll give you that.
Banshee will become
the distribution hub
for the entire
East Coast pipeline.
As long as I can count
on you. the Brotherhood
will be well compensated.
Employed is fine and good.
but you're talking
about the cartels now.
And for that kind
of risk.
I don't want
to be compensated.
I want a piece.
Mr. Watts.
you make
this delivery on time.
I'm sure you and I
will come to an agreement
about your piece.
Glad to hear it.
You hear that. bow tie?
You and me
is gonna be buddies.
( pats )
Well...
that went better
than expected.
We just killed
one of our own for
that fucking Dutchie.
Yeah. it was him or you.
Don't think
I didn't consider it.
Now go clean
this shit up.
( sighs )
Congratulations. Job.
28 hours.
That's a new record.
Now. your over-under
with the guards
wasn't too good.
but...
I never doubted you.
Why?
Why ain't you
just killed me yet?
I could do that.
I could.
But honestly.
I'd miss these little
sessions of ours.
I'll see you tomorrow.
( choking )
( gasping )
That's one way
to get down.
Well played. Job.
- ( door slams )
- ( gasps )
( breathing heavily )
- ( door opens )
- Carrie: Hey.
You okay?
I'm fine.
( clears throat )
More nightmares?
- If you ever want
to talk about it...
- No.
Okay.
You can still
make yourself useful.
What the fuck
is this?
That is a list
of your chores
for the day.
No free lunches.
This is bullshit.
I'm convalescing.
I'm going into town.
I'll see you later.
I do not do windows!
( music playing )
So they let you out.
Yeah.
you sound surprised.
( scoffs )
No.
Nothing surprises me
anymore when it
comes to you.
But for what it's worth.
I was pretty sure
you didn't kill the girl.
Thanks very much.
I mean. come on.
How well do you
ever know a man?
How's Job?
Why don't you
pay him a visit
and find out
for yourself?
I will.
You smell like
an ashtray.
Yeah. I had a fire.
Proctor.
Yeah. he was pretty angry
about your relations
with his niece.
That still doesn't
make me a murderer.
Doesn't make him
one either...
in this particular case.
You mind I go next door.
take a shower?
You have to use mine.
Your place belongs
to the termites.
Exterminators say we got
to burn the place down
else they'll
be over here.
That's probably
for the best. huh?
You got a place to stay?
You should go.
This is a bad idea.
Lucas:
You think we are
who we are?
Or you think
we can change?
What. you mean
people like you?
Dr. Hubbard:
Tell me about
your father.
Seriously?
I know it's a cliché.
but I think in this case
we can both agree
your father
was influential.
What's there to tell?
My father was a monster
that got what he deserved.
Do you really
believe that?
I had a dream about him
the other night.
We were at Coney Island
at the boardwalk.
He used to take me
there every Sunday
in the summertime
when I was a little girl.
After the rides.
we would have popcorn
and saltwater taffy.
And we would sit
on the same bench
and he would tell me
stories about my mother.
Then we'd take our shoes off
and put our feet in the surf.
And what happened
in the dream?
Nothing.
I mean. I don't know.
We were just there.
You miss him.
How fucked up is that?
( car approaching )
( door opens )
( door closes )
Well. look who got
out of jail again.
So how you doing?
You look better.
Yeah. I'm a real
fashion plate.
How about you?
What about me?
I hear you went native
while I was away.
( sighs )
Yeah.
That's one way
of putting it.
You got another way?
Listen. Job.
I tried to find you.
We all did.
After Dalton was dead...
You mean after
you killed him.
I thought you were dead.
I believed it.
And then something...
something inside me.
it just...
I gave up.
I'm sorry.
Well. it could
have been worse.
Could have been
15 years.
You never put
that shit on me.
Rabbit fucked us.
Yes. he did.
On my watch.
Baby. all our bullshit...
that's all in the past.
You and me.
we ain't ever getting
that time back.
So...
what you really
need to worry about
is what's happening
in the here and now.
What do you mean?
Our little friend
is building a fortress
and she is armed
to the teeth.
For what?
Seems she feels
the only way to honor
her dead husband
is to finish his war
on Proctor herself.
Mr. Watts has made provisions
to keep all five facilities
running around the clock.
I'll need you to keep
an eye on things.
I don't trust him.
If I don't
deliver on my promise
to the Colombians.
Watts is gonna be
the least of our problems.
Stop the car.
( crowd chattering )
- Excuse me. Mr. Mayor?
- Mr. Mayor. is it true
- that your office
is withholding
Rebecca Bowman's body?
( reporters
continue clamoring )
What the hell
are you doing. Miriam?
We want her back. Kai.
You can't keep her
like this.
- I'm not keeping her.
- You can fix it.
Rebecca wasn't the only
girl who was killed.
She's the only one
we need to bury.
It's not right keeping
her body like this.
It's disrespectful.
I'm gonna give you two minutes
to get these men out of here.
We will not leave
without Rebecca.
You lost
all rights to Rebecca
when you shunned her.
If you don't leave
right now.
I'm gonna have you
dragged away and put
into jail.
We are not scared
of you anymore. Kai.
There's nothing else
you can do to us.
I wouldn't be
so sure about that.
- Mr. Mayor?
- Mayor Proctor...
( speaking
Pennsylvania Dutch )
( cameras clicking )
- Sir. sir.
- ( crowd murmurs )
We should go inside.
( crowd whispering )
( cameras clicking )
I want these steps
cleared right now.
You understand?
- They have a permit.
- I don't give a shit.
( crowd whispering )
Hey.
Jesus Christ. Hood.
- Afternoon. Sheriff.
- ( sighs )
You have
any idea how many laws
you just broke?
You gonna arrest me again?
If you came
looking for an apology.
you're not gonna get one.
No. I would have done
the same thing.
- You would have shot me.
- ( chuckles ) Yeah. maybe.
What do you want?
Heard there was
another girl.
Yeah. 20-year-old
college student.
Any leads?
Other than a six-year-old
witness who can barely
speak English. no.
Nothing.
You're not gonna stay
out of this. are you?
You know.
I got to ask.
you really didn't know
she was pregnant?
No.
Must have been
quite a shock.
I'm sorry. Hood.
( knocking )
- Miss Francis?
- Yes.
I'm Sheriff Brock Lotus
from the BSD.
We spoke after
your sister was found.
I remember.
I already answered
all your questions.
- The FBI. too.
- No. I know.
And I...
we appreciate it.
These are Jill's
personal belongings.
I just wanted
to return them to you.
Look. I can only
imagine how hard
this must be for you.
This guy killed
three women and he was
still out there free
walking around
to kill Jill?
I mean.
you're the sheriff.
It was your job
to protect her.
I know.
- ( music blaring )
- ( buzzing )
Howdy. Kurt.
- You're out.
- They let me go.
And it got me thinking.
Everybody deserves
a second chance.
Come back
to the family. Kurt.
We need you.
Now more than ever.
Calvin.
he talks a big game.
but he ain't made
of the same steel
you and I are.
You want me to rejoin
the Brotherhood?
Watts:
With your knowledge
of BSD procedure.
you'd be more valuable
than before.
Come on.
What do you say?
Randall...
I don't know
how you got out.
You made a mistake
coming back here.
How's that?
Because now that I know
that you're out.
I'm gonna dedicate myself
to putting you back in.
Yeah.
I didn't expect you
to bite right away.
I mean. hell.
you got to be you.
right?
Well. look.
tonight I'm gonna party.
Celebrate my emancipation.
Tomorrow I'm gonna
get to work.
If you haven't accepted
my offer by then.
you're gonna be the first
order of business.
( engine starts )
- ( chatter )
- ( phone ringing )
Helen.
call everybody
and tell them I'm holding
a press conference
in one hour.
- What are you gonna do?
- What I should have done
a while ago.
( chattering )
( huffing )
( motor starts )
( buzzing )
( whinnies )
( gasps )
What is the meaning
of this?
You won't be selling
your produce in Banshee
anymore.
You won't be selling
your produce anywhere.
( all gasp )
Oh...
Kai!
( speaking
Pennsylvania Dutch )
( crying )
These are sad
and dangerous times
for the town of Banshee.
Four young women
have been brutally
and senselessly murdered
by a twisted coward
who preys on those
smaller and weaker
than himself.
( inhales )
You Tocho?
Can I draw. too?
Brock:
My entire department
along with the FBI
have been working
around the clock to identify
and apprehend this killer.
But obviously
we haven't yet.
And for that. I take
full responsibility.
Lucas:
You know. I used
to be a policeman.
Even though
I don't do it anymore.
sometimes
I still help them
chase
the bad guys away.
I would like to make
a pledge. a promise.
that I will not stop
until Jill Francis.
Meredith Coble.
Amanda Crowley.
and Rebecca Bowman
receive the justice
they so desperately deserve.
Is that the man you saw
the other night in the woods?
See these things
you drew on his head?
Was he wearing a hat?
Are they horns?
Brock:
And now...
I would like to talk
directly to you...
you sad.
pathetic coward.
I don't know what you have
convinced yourself
that you are.
but you will never
be anything more
than a sad
little freak.
I am gonna find you.
I am.
And I'm gonna take you down
and I'm gonna make sure
that you never hurt
anyone else ever again.
( music playing )
♪ I walk ♪
♪ A winding road ♪
♪ Every step
a heavy load ♪
♪ My heart became
a ball and chain... ♪
- You drinking?
- Whiskey. rocks.
I've heard good things
about this place.
But where's
the real action?
I don't know what the hell
you're talking about.
I think you do.
Go home. little girl.
Not until I find
what I'm looking for.
Thank you
for the tip.
♪ Now our lives
forever intertwine ♪
♪ Untangle me... ♪
- ( music thumping )
- Woman: Whoo!
( laughter echoing )
- ( whip cracks )
- ( woman whimpers )
( man moaning )
- ( woman gasping )
- ( sizzling )
( sizzling. gasping
continue )
That's just nasty.
What the fuck?
You shouldn't be here.
Yeah?
Well. bad choices
are sort of my thing.
But you must know
something about that.
I don't know
who you are.
but the rules here
are very simple.
No one walks out
the same way they walk in.
Yeah. I'm gonna
pass on that.
See. I'm pretty kinky.
but you guys.
you're fucked up.
( both panting )
You come here. too?
How'd you know
I was here?
I didn't.
The Kinaho kid
drew this.
This is the only place
in town where the freaks
have horns.
How'd you get here?
Our murders are
consistent with other
ritualistic murders
in the FBI database.
Pointed to Satanism.
Hey. shitneck.
where'd you get
your work done?
Where did you get
Get fucked.
( groans )
- Wrong answer.
- ( groaning )
Okay! Okay!
Guy named Quick.
Dr. Quick.
- He's a surgeon?
- Yeah. No. He used to be.
Where do we find him?
Works out of the back
of a dry cleaner
over on Swanson.
You kids need to find
a new hobby.
( soft music playing )
( sniffs )
( gasps )
It's you.
Hey. Gail.
You seem nervous.
No. I just...
I just didn't expect
you to be here.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean
to startle you.
I've been
watching you. Gail.
You're quiet.
less flashy than some
of the other acolytes.
But your commitment
is very pure.
I find that exciting.
Thank you.
We're a lot alike.
Gail.
You're a true believer.
aren't you?
I am.
That's good.
because I have
chosen you
for a very special honor.
Will you serve him
with me?
I will.
Thank you.
( footsteps )
Job:
Is there
a problem. Deputy?
Just answering
your prowler call.
We didn't call
no police.
Must have been
your neighbors.
Must have been.
'Course. we ain't got
none of those.
No.
No. you don't.
Why'd you leave your car
all the way at the end
of the road?
It's a long walk
to this here gate.
Do you live here?
Just visiting.
It's a lot
of surveillance
equipment.
Well. you know
what they say.
just 'cause you're paranoid
don't mean they ain't
all out to get you.
Words to live by.
Mm-hmm.
Have a safe night.
I'll do my best.
( buzzing )
( gasps )
( exhales )
- ( overlapping chatter )
- ♪ This is a house of pain.
yet my love remains ♪
♪ Hooked up in chains
for you to torture me ♪
♪ To kill is my way out.
do I do or die? ♪
♪ There's only
blood left to cry.
this is a house of pain ♪
♪ A house of pain.
yet my love remains... ♪
I just want to say
a few things real quick.
I gotta thank you all
for this celebration.
It's great to see
all of you.
- ( cheering )
- ( music stops )
Now. I look around
and I see. man.
a lot of changes
since I went in.
A lot of changes.
But after eight years
in a cage.
there's one thing
that hasn't changed at all.
That's my commitment
to all of you.
( cheering )
Like it or not.
you degenerates
are my family.
- ( laughter )
- Family sticks together.
- ( cheers )
- No matter what.
And on a personal note.
I've done my time.
Paid my dues.
And I'm tired
of living in the gutter
in the name
of the cause.
We sacrifice a lot
for our beliefs.
But we's also
allowed to enjoy some
of the spoils of war.
( cheers )
So I have laid plans.
Plans that will put
some of those spoils
into our own pockets.
( cheers )
And with that money
comes security.
And with that. power.
Tonight we drink.
( cheers )
Tonight we fuck.
And tomorrow.
the new Aryan
revolution begins.
- ( cheering )
- ( music resumes )
What the fuck was that?
That was a new beginning.
Calvin.
Money? That's your
fucking pitch?
Money? Since when
has the Brotherhood
been about money?
Grow the fuck up. Calvin.
I take care of my own.
Ideas don't pay the rent.
We can't all put on ties
and suck dick for
some shit ass conglomerate.
You're selling out
the Brotherhood.
Everything
that we worked for.
everything you went
to fucking jail for.
I went to jail
for my brothers.
for my family.
for you.
you ungrateful shit.
And I come out
and I see you shitting
all over the deals I made.
looking at me like
I'm in your fucking way.
Now. Maggie. she married
the wrong brother.
Kurt might be confused.
but at least he got balls.
Okay.
Let's fucking party!
( cheering )
- ( rustling )
- Brock: Bunker. Really?
What are you doing?
You know you have
a GPS tracker on
your cruiser.
What the hell
are you doing?
Brock. leave me alone.
That's Randall Watts.
the top dog.
He just got out of jail.
One shot in his head
and this is over.
One shot and you're
gonna have the entire
Brotherhood up here.
Get up.
God damn it. Bunker.
Be smart.
We've gotta be
smarter than them.
We cannot beat
them at their game.
We gotta beat them at ours.
You're in uniform
using one of our vehicles.
What the hell are you thinking?
- I'm sorry.
- No. fuck sorry.
This town's going
off the rails.
We got a serial killer
on the prowl.
we got a mayor
who's a gangster.
and you want to start
a war with the neo-Nazis.
Look at me.
I don't have much
in my life that I care
about anymore. Bunker.
Just Banshee.
That's it.
And I'll be damned
if I'm gonna give up
this town without a fight.
Now you gotta decide
right now
whether you want to fight
with me the right way
or you're just gonna
be another headache
I gotta handle.
Okay.
Okay?
Let's get the hell
out of here.
That was a...
( clears throat )
good speech.
Ugh.
Damn.
I took a couple shots
back there.
But you gave some. too.
Hey. don't worry.
I already checked
under the bed.
You should get some rest.
I should.
But I can't drink
all this scotch by myself.
Yeah. I think we both
know that's not true.
Try and tell me
you don't need a drink
after that madness
we just witnessed
back there.
- Yeah. you have a point.
- ( chuckles )
Jeez.
( exhales )
( lock clicks )
So. we gonna track down
that surgeon?
I'm not a cop anymore.
Even when I was.
I wasn't much
of a team player.
Yeah. me neither.
But we're both out there
looking for the same guy.
Might as well
have each other's backs.
I know you can
go it alone.
Me. too.
That's why
they sent me.
But this guy is
a different kind
of bad news.
And this is your town.
You know the lay
of the land.
And I could really
use the backup.
( sighs )
Okay.
Maggie.
Oh. I've been
trying to reach you.
They let my dad out.
I know.
He came to see
me earlier.
You've gotta do something. okay?
You can't wait any longer.
I'm working on it. Maggie.
but this is a lot bigger
than just your father
and Calvin.
You're talking
about the drugs.
How do you know
about that?
I found these
on Calvin's desk.
Jesus Christ. Maggie.
if he caught you...
I'm just trying
to give you what
you need. okay?
This is some kind
of a production schedule.
There's some big delivery
coming up. I think.
This was on Calvin's desk?
Yeah. why?
These are very large
quantities.
This isn't just
local drug dealing.
This is...
These numbers...
( sighs )
I swear to you.
this is almost over.
But I need you
to go home and pretend
like everything's okay.
Kurt. I can't do this
much longer. okay?
I'm scared all the time.
I know.
I will get you
out of there.
I promise.
( footsteps approaching )
So. did you
make me one?
I want you out of here.
This is my house
and you are not welcome.
( snickers )
That's cute.
Calvin. but...
it's a little late
to grow a pair.
How about you
just shut the fuck up
and pour me a drink?
( sighs )
( snickers )
Fuck it.
I'll do it myself.
( grunts )
( Watts gasping )
( crickets chirping )
( buzzing )
( squelching. crunching )
( music playing )
♪ Let me ride
on the wall of death ♪
♪ One more time ♪
♪ Let me ride
on the wall of death ♪
♪ One more time ♪
♪ You can waste your time
on the other rides ♪
♪ This is the nearest
to being alive ♪
♪ Oh. let me take my chances
on the wall of death ♪
♪ Yeah. let me take my chances
♪ Mm-mmm. ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm